#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Introduce the topic of your thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Problem
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What problem are you addressing? Justify why it is relevant to solve this
 problem? To whom is this problem relevant.
 Suggestion: ask your supervisor for a few related research papers and extract
 a few arguemtns asa bullet points describing the problem.
 Share those arguments with your supervisor per email.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Motivation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What are you doing and if not obvious why does it have the potential to
 solve or help solve the problem mentioned? Note: if the problem and motivation
 sections are only one or two paragraphs long, consider merging them under
 the Introductin directly (without subsections).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Outline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
List the content of each chapter briefly.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
