#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3.5cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "cha:Requirements"

\end_inset

Requirement Specification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
In this chapter, you describe the concepts, taxonomies and relationships
 of the application domain.
 Note: Make sure that the whole chapter is independent of the chosen technology
 and development platform.
 If you are going to develop a system to detect lacrosse goalkeeper training
 exercises using a peak detection algorithm to detect high energy in the
 signal, you will want to model the stick, the sensor, how the sensor is
 attached to the stick, the signal, how the signal looks like when the player
 performs an exercise, where the peak is located.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Related Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Try to group works done by others to solve the same problem.
 For example, to automatically detect lameness in cows, researchers have
 already tried using vision techniques, pressure sensitive mattresses and
 attaching sensors to cows.
 You should make it clear how your work relates to the related work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Example citation in Lyx: 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Bruegge2004software"
literal "true"

\end_inset

.
 You can copy paste this citation, click on the citation and select the
 paper you want to cite from the list.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Visionary Scenarios
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Describe 1-2 visionary scenarios here, i.e.
 a scenario that would perfectly solve your problem, even if it might not
 be realizable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Functional Requirements 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
List and describe all functional requirements of the ideal system.
 Note that you might not implement the entire system within your thesis.
 Still, describe the requirements for that system.
 The short title should be in the form ``verb objective''.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
[Detection].
 The system should classify the pig activities including:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Eating
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Resting
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Walking
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Running
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\series bold
[
\series default
Name].
 Short Description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\series bold
[
\series default
Name].
 Short Description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Non-Functional Requirements 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
List and describe all nonfunctional requirements of your system.
 Also mention requirements that you were not able to realize.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
[Robustness].
 The sensor might be prone to bites from pigs.
 Therefore, the sensor should be water-proff and able to resist high amounts
 of force being applied to it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\series bold
Category
\series default
.
 Short Description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\series bold
Category
\series default
.
 Short Description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Use Case Model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This subsection should contain a UML Use Case Diagram including roles and
 their use cases.
 If the system is initiating most of the use cases in the background (e.g.
 tracking user activities), then you can have a Virtual Coach actor initiating
 the use cases.
 Give a name to the system other than 'System' and a name to the actor other
 than 'Actor', such as 'Goalkeeper'.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Analysis Object Model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This subsection should contain a UML Class Diagram showing the most important
 objects, attributes, methods and relations of your application domain including
 taxonomies using specification inheritance.
 Do not insert objects, attributes or methods of the solution domain.
 Make sure to describe the analysis object model thoroughly in the text
 so that readers are able to understand the diagram.
 Also write about the rationale how and why you modeled the concepts like
 this.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Dynamic Model (optional)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This subsection should contain dynamic UML diagrams.
 These can be a UML state diagrams, UML communication diagrams or UML activity
 diagrams.
 Make sure to describe the diagram and its rationale in the text.
 
\series bold
Do not use sequence diagrams
\series default
.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
