#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{algorithmic}
\floatname{algorithm}{Algorithm}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3.5cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
System Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The goal of this chapter is to show an overview of the system, in particular
 including subsystems and how these subsystems are mapped to a hardware
 device.
 If you investigated different technologies, you can address their tradeoffs
 in this section (relate them to the non-functional requirements).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Subsystem Decomposition
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Describe the architecture of your system by decomposing it into subsystems
 and the services provided by each subsystem.
 You can use UML components or subsystems for each subsystem.
 You should add a short description of what each subsystem / component does.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Hardware/Software Mapping
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This section describes how the subsystems or components are mapped onto
 existing hardware and software components.
 The description is accompanied by a UML deployment diagram.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Note: you can merge the subsystem decomposition and Hardware Software mapping
 by using a deployment diagram that uses nodes (cubes) to describe the hardware
 devices software components contained inside the hardware nodes.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
