#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{algorithmic}
\floatname{algorithm}{Algorithm}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Evaluation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
If you did an evaluation / case study, describe it here.
 Add images to give a better feel about how the data was collected.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Describe the design / methodology of the evaluation and why you did it like
 that.
 E.g.
 what kind of evaluation have you done (e.g.
 how did you chose your users and why? what did you have the users do? How
 long? How much data did you collect? If you are doing a machine learning,
 provide a table of the amounts of instances per class collected.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Present the results without interpreting them.
 If you are working on a machine learning application, provide a table including
 Accuracy, Precision, Recall for each classifier tested and provide the
 confusion matrix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Discussion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Interpret the results presented.
 The main goal is justify whether your approach would be suitable for solving
 the problem you addressed in the Introduction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Limitations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Describe limitations and threats to validity of your evaluation, e.g.
 possible overfitting, issues in the way how the data was collected that
 might lead to different behavior in real life (also mention how they could
 be solved in the future).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
